in a recent video you may have heard me
heaping scorn on another youtuber for
saying so vaguely without any clear
reason without any scientific rationale
that veganism is a diet that works for
some people but not for everyone
and I think at a minimum we need to have
some clarity on what that allegation
really means now on the other hand if
you talk to vegans experienced vegans
knowledgeable vegans none of them will
claim that veganism works for everyone
all of us have known somebody either
with an extremely bizarre health
condition or living in extremely bizarre
circumstances who couldn't be vegan it
happens it happens but what do you mean
when you say veganism doesn't work for
everyone and how does that justify you
eating a hamburger right I I knew a girl
I knew a girl and I want to tell you
this I met this girl I was into her
she's cute she seems smart I was living
in the capital city of Laos at the time
she's a Canadian citizen she's from
Canada I wasn't in love with her I
didn't have a crush on her I just
thought oh she's an option all right so
I sent her a couple of emails talking
about stuff I think in the first email I
said yeah hey so when are we gonna meet
up have coffee have mocktails whatever
and we had a couple other emails talking
and then the last email was look when
you want to meet up for coffee let me
know but that's it I'm done with the
chitchat okay so then months go by and
we're living in the capital city of Laos
small town and she never makes an effort
to phone me she never sends me an email
nothing and no offense if you were
interested in an english-speaking man
who was not an alcoholic not a drug
addict didn't sleep with prostitutes
your options in the capital city of Laos
at that time
were goddamn phew all right so I know
this girl is one of my few options I'm
one of her few options and I don't want
to [ __ ] waste time I don't light up
women in my life I don't lie to myself
it is what it [ __ ] is okay
essentially an email ask if you want to
go to for coffee you didn't reply so I'm
gonna keep it moving all right
and I'll always remember I was walking
down the street and she just grabbed me
by the arm especially in a bar and she
came out at the bar at like a patio and
she grabbed me by the arm as I was going
past and she was like oh hey you know I
wanted to meet up with you I wanted to
go for cocktails whatever systems I'm
sure I remember he used the word
cocktails a couple times this
interaction and my reaction was along
lines of and she was she was really
talking to this excited way and she got
a call on her cell phone
and so she answered her cell phone like
in the middle she's talking to me how
she wants to take me out for cocktails
and then she just stopped starting to
answer her cell phone and I keep walking
yeah and she she ran a couple steps and
grab my grab my arm again it's like okay
we're both adults here okay so
eventually I do go on some kind of a
semi date with this young woman the non
date and my I mean you know like my
expectations are already negative on the
prospects situation but whatever small
town I'm busy I'm doing research I'm
applying for jobs the humanitarian sites
at that time I'm studying at least two
languages maybe three languages I'm busy
and I remember on the first date
of course you know my diet comes up and
the fact that I don't drink alcohol had
come up before that and she invited me
over to her house to make pancakes this
is very memorable she said that she made
great banana pancakes and she had a
house not an apartment I was she was
gonna invite me over her house for
breakfast to have banana pancakes so
maybe that's a little bit romantic maybe
and I said to her look if the banana
pancakes have eggs in them I'm not I'm
sorry I'm not gonna do it you know if
you're using chicken eggs I can't do
that
so the first semi date or non date we
sit down she has the world's most tragic
[ __ ] allergy from the perspective of
a vegan she can't eat soy beans she
can't eat peanuts she can't eat lentils
she cannot eat any bean of any kind she
can't eat any leg you of any kind and
she also has ever called couldn't eat
things like like peanuts all right if
she does and this had happened to her if
invisibly they use lentil flour in a
recipe which they often do in Indian
cuisine she goes to an Indian restaurant
and they invisibly use lentil flour
here's what happens her heart stops
beating
she falls out of her chair onto the
floor and she dies she dies unless
someone takes a syringe and directly
injects the correct chemical into her
heart
to start her heart beating again so I
believe that it's called anaphylactic
shock all right it's a it's an injection
through the ribcage into the heart it's
good looking good lingo sexy I said to
on the first date straight to her face
you're cute I'm not quitting beans for
you
it is it is really hard to imagine any
woman if you're a vegan any woman whom
you would quit eating beans for it's
such a huge part of the of the the vegan
diet right your source of protein blah
blah blah right she was cute she was
nervous a girl with a nervous
disposition I don't I don't like that so
look for completely if she didn't give
up at that point we had a couple more
little encounters bla bla bla for other
reasons
you know we drifted apart let's put it
that way for other reasons we decided to
take separate roads in life and I have
never regretted it but that was the most
bizarre or flirtation or like non dating
situation cuz I'm sitting there looking
at her and it's like if I'm in a
relationship with this woman I am gonna
be eating food on a daily basis that she
regards as poison and she at the same
time is gonna be eating foods in a daily
basis that I regard as murder what a
[ __ ] great couple we look my point is
there are people for whom veganism can't
work or can barely work or is
inordinately difficult they are I really
think one in a million
I think her health condition must be
unbelievably rare and I think most
people born with this condition must be
dead I mean this must kill a significant
percentage of people who don't get
diagnosed they eat something with a leg
you minute and they drop dead on the
spot
unbelievable amazing amazing health
problem alright
does veganism work for everyone
no is it easy for everyone no is it
morally correct for everyone yes and
that's why you know I do have sympathy
for the reduce it Aryans I have sympathy
for the reduce it Aryans who look at
veganism and see that veganism is
correct even though they don't live up
to the standard it's very hard for me to
deal with a producer terian who says the
opposite who says that veganism
somehow immoral and that reduced areas
better that is insane to me and you know
we all got to get along those people
whether there were a hundred of them or
a thousand of them they've all got to
live in a society together with us and
we got to have compassion for all the
bizarre and murky contradictions in life
but what does not make sense logically
ethically morally in any other sense
what doesn't make sense is for you
watching this video to hear the Senate
that I told about a cute Canadian check
I tried to date I was living in Laos for
you to get this video say oh this girl
can't be vegan here's an example of
someone who cannot be vegan therefore
veganism doesn't work for everyone
therefore veganism is exclusive elitist
a privilege therefore it's okay
for me and you and everyone else to just
go to McDonald's to just eat meat to
just go over to your grandmother's house
and eat whatever food she's prepared for
you and not question it therefore
factory farming is not a moral obscenity
therefore the pollution of our rivers
and lakes and oceans doesn't matter
because some people some people have
extraordinary health problems or live in
extraordinary circumstances where they
can't be vegan you know what I want you
to come to the opposite conclusion I
want you to think hey she can't be vegan
I'm gonna be vegan for her I'm gonna be
vegan for the animals yes
but you know what I'm also gonna be out
vegan for all the people who can't be